The list of question in Raitong Organics Farm

1. the variety they grow(especially within rice)

Over 85% of our farmers grows only Jasmine KDML 105. Some also grow RD 15, RD 6. Raitong grows and wants to promote Red Jasmine. A few grow black rice, which includes Riceberry and Hom Nin.

2. the type of the soil in each field(information of particle size e.g. silt, clay, sand)

It’s mix of sand and clay. FYI: Here’s a pdf (with some English) about Sisaket’s geology - http://www.dmr.go.th/download/digest/Srisaket.pdf. I will send you some photos of the soil around here.

3. Which type of cultivation they are doing, Transplanting or direct-sowing
	・If transplanting, how many days and at what temperature do they raise seedling as a nursery?
	・how they plant (broadcast or row planting)

The majority of farmers direct-sow. A few transplant. However, a lot more are considering transplanting. Many start to use the seed drill machine to make rows. Raitong uses rice seed trays (http://www.siamkubota.co.th/en/KBT_CRSC#KBT_CRSC) and seed drill machine. 

When transplanting, farmers raise the seedlings for about 15-20 days out in the field. So, the temperature varies. Farmers pay more attention to the amount of water and moisture of the soil. They plant by broadcast to get the seedling for transplanting.


4. How they manage water (irrigated or rain fed)
	・If irrigated, is there any duration for drying the field?
All rain-fed.

5. When, how much do they add the organic fertilizer?

The response for this varies. We have some data from our inspections and farmer’s log book. Fertilizer is usually added when they prepare the soil and around early August. We have organic fertilizer for the farmers usually around 50-100 kg per rai or 300-600 kg per hectare. Farmers also use homemade EM, egg hormones and Photosynthetic Bacteria (PSB).

We can send you a list and photos of the inputs we use.


—

For many of these records, we can go back and look through our farmer’s records and inspection reports for more accurate data for Listenfield team. However, this process will take a bit of time to complete.

